Added mention of temporary Composer conflicts needed during v4 update (#2391)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/snippets/update/temporary_v4_conflicts.md

> !!! caution "Temporary Composer conflicts needed"

Reviewer: We don't need conflicts, we need `conflict` entry to solve conflicts.
```suggestion
!!! caution "Temporary need of Composer `conflict`"
```

>     To go through this update add the following conflicts in your `composer.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To go through this update, [map the conflicting packages](https://getcomposer.org/doc/04-schema.md#conflict) in your `composer.json` file as following:
```
